hello my name is Adrian to wolf I'm a
published novelist a book writing coach
and a fiction instructor today I'm going
to share some of my secrets for writing
award-winning romance novel heroes like
Rafe Jones the loveable scoundrel in my
fourth award-winning novel scoundrel for
hire the secrets that I'm going to share
are taken from my three book series the
secrets to getting your romance novel
published which you can find on my
website but more about that later let's
get started with the tips tip number one
you challenge your heroes integrity and
he comes out smelling like a rose for
instance he has the option to fib about
his experience during a job interview
when he reluctantly tells the truth he
wins the job tip number two you prove
that he's a good caretaker for instance
you might show how he provides for
animals or how he nurtures his garden
tip number three you create a small but
endearing idiosyncrasy for him for
instance he might enjoy role playing
games or he might prefer tuna fish on
his pizza tip number four you show that
he can keep a secret for instance he
plans the perfect weekend getaway as the
heroines birthday surprise tip number
five you make his rival grudgingly
acknowledge one of his positive traits
or talents for example mr. rival admits
that the hero is just too honest for his
own good tip number six you give him a
social cause that women can respect for
instance he participates in fundraisers
for the Humane Society
tip number seven you make him classy and
sophisticated capable of mingling with
aplomb in almost any crowd for example
despite his preference for cowboy boots
he feels perfectly at home in a tuxedo
tip number eight you let him embrace new
challenges or new activities for
instance he may agree to go hiking with
the heroine when the reader knows that
he would really rather be at home
watching college football tip number
nine you produce evidence that he is
well liked and well respected by his
colleagues employees family and friends
for instance when teams are chosen for
beach volleyball everyone wants to be on
mr. heroes team tip number ten you
reveal his tolerance for other
characters faults or idiosyncrasies for
instance he gallantly walks his
eccentric neighbor home in the dark
because she claims that she's afraid of
low flying bats and there you have it 10
secrets to writing lovable romance novel
heroes to learn more ways to create
heroes check out my ebook how to write
romance heroes with sex appeal other
books in this series include how to
write wildly popular romances featuring
descriptions of the 14 best-selling
storylines in the romance genre and how
to write sensual love scenes and don't
forget to stop by my website writing
novels that celcom where you'll find
plenty of tips and inspiration online
workshops and courses professionals
story critiques for novel writers and a
special section of writing resources
just for romance writers including
characterization worksheets for more
information be sure to stop by my
website
writing novels that celcom